# Advanced-Bank-locker-system-using-RFID-and-GSm-technology
Its a major project on locker system in BE. 
Abstract:
The main objective of this paper is to design and implement a secure advanced bank locker system based on RFID and GSM technology which can be organized in banks, offices or even in homes. In this designed project the authenticated person can only recover the thing present inside the locker. The traditional locker systems using mechanical and key mechanism are replaced by new advanced techniques of locking system. These techniques are an integration of mechanical and electronic devices and are highly intelligent, simple and high efficiency. Here, we have implemented bank security system consisting of door lock system based on RFID and GSM which can activate, authenticate, and validate the user and give the access for the door in real time. This system consists of a microcontroller, RFID and its reader, lcd display, keyboard, GSM module and a relay. The main advantage of using passive RFID and GSM is for two step authentication and to make system more secure than the others. On other hand it also has advantage of generating real time password. In this system, the RFID reader reads the id number from passive tag and later it will be checked by the microcontroller, if id number matches it sends a message to the registered phone number to generate a password in the real time. Then it will provide you an option to enter the generated password on the keyboard present at the locker. If both password matches the door will get unlocked otherwise it denies the access and the user cannot make further use of locker.
